
Download Link:
https://earthexplorer.usgs.gov/

Dataset Search Format - GOOD:
ASTGDEMV1_1N01E172
ASTGDEMV2_N01E172



Dataset Search Guide - Details:
Acquisition Date
Field Definition:  The starting acquisition date the image was acquired.
Format:
YYYY/MM/DD
Agency
Field Definition:  The Agency which provided the data.
Browse Availability
Field Definition:  This flag identifies whether or not the entity has a browse image available with it. A browse image provides the user with a visual overview of an inventory item.
Check Sum Value
Field Definition:  The size, in bits, of the scene during transmission, used to check for transmission errors.
Coordinates - Decimal Degrees
Field Definition:  The latitude and longitude are provided in decimal degrees for the following fields:
Values:
Scene Center Latitude and Longitude
Northeast (NE) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Northwest (NW) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Southeast (SE) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Southwest (SW) Corner Latitude and Longitude

Latitude Format Decimal Degrees: -90.000 through 90.000 
Longitude Format Decimal Degrees: -180.000 through 180.000

Number of decimal places will vary by dataset – check collection in EE.
Coordinates - Degrees, Minutes, Seconds
Field Definition:  The latitude and longitude are provided in degrees, minutes, and seconds for the following fields:
Values:
Scene Center Latitude and Longitude
Northeast (NE) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Northwest (NW) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Southeast (SE) Corner Latitude and Longitude
Southwest (SW) Corner Latitude and Longitude

Longitude Format:
DDDMMSS.SSH
DDD = Degree(s) with a range of 0 through 180
MM = Minute(s) with a range of 0 through 59
SS.SS = Second(s) with a range of 0 through 59.99
H = Hemisphere with E for east and W for west

Latitude Format:
DDMMSS.SSH
DD = Degree(s) with a range of 0 through 90
MM = Minutes(s) with a range of 0 through 59
SS.SS = Second(s) with a range of 0 through 59.99
H = Hemisphere with N for north and S for south
Data Entered
Field Definition:  The date the data was entered into collection.
Date of Update
Field Definition:  The Date of Update refers to the date the inventory record was last updated.
Entity ID
Field Definition:  This field uniquely identifies individual ASTER Global DEM images.
Format:
ASTGDEMV1_1N01E172
ASTGDEM = ASTER Global DEM
1N01E172 = Southwest Corner Coordinate (rounded)
Ellipsoid
Field Definition:  The name of ellipsoid used to process this product.
Values:
Valid code:
WGS84
File Size
Field Definition:  The size of all files associated with the scene.
Image Resolution
Field Definition:  These field identifies the resolution of the image.
Values:
1-ARC Second
Map Projection
Field Definition:  The map projection of the image.
Values:
Geographic
Number of Bands
Field Definition:  The number of bands in image.
Values:
2
License ID
Field Definition:  License ID which identifies which agency has access to the data.
License Uplift Update
Field Definition:  Date and time the license id was last updated.
Product Format
Field Definition:  The format of the product available for customer use.
Values:
GEOTIFF
Sensor
Field Definition:  The name of sensor.
Values:
ASTER
Type of Sensor
Field Definition:  Sensor Type available; Global DEM (GDEM).
Units
Field Definition:  The units of measurement.
Values:
Degrees
Vendor
Field Definition:  The name of Vendor providing data.
Values:
NASA/METI
Version Number
Field Definition:  The Version number of data.
Values:
1.1
2.0